[Music]
hello it's ruby and
today i am so excited to be sharing my
evening routine with you
this is my evening routine now that i'm
studying remotely from home
this part of the video is very kindly
sponsored by an amazing app
called earth speaker earth speaker is an
app dedicated to giving under 18s a
voice when it comes to
saving the planet young people have
opinions great ideas we all know this
and this app provides a platform where
these ideas and issues
can be shared it basically works through
animation so
it makes an animation while you're
speaking and then you can attach this to
an object and share it globally thereby
sharing your ideas of the world
it is a really cool app a really great
premise if you're under 18
download the app give it a go because it
is really really cool there will be a
link in the description box where you
can download the app
and it is completely free anyway with
that said let's get into the video
my evening routine starts at about four
o'clock but my mum and i like to go on
a late afternoon walk at the moment it
has been so beautifully misty
[Music]
when i get home i'm usually quite
thirsty so i have a big
glass of water and i will make myself
some ceremonial tea in my silver teapot
today i'm having mulled wine tea which
is my
very favorite christmas tea
[Music]
i take that up to my bedroom
lighter candle
and i will write i will write for about
an
hour and i use scrivener to write i will
drink my tea at the same time
i'm about 35 000 words through this
novel
and i'm really enjoying writing it i try
to put aside time to do it
every evening and at the same time i
will usually listen to
some kind of classical music
then after doing some writing i will get
on to doing some more studying i
spent pretty much the whole of the day
studying but there's always going to be
something left over so today i was
reading
a book for the empire of liberty citizen
by claudia rankin
which is incredible
it's also usually absolutely freezing in
my bedroom so i will always wear a
blanket around me
after finishing studying i will tidy my
bedroom
[Music]
and put on a christmas jumper because
this is when i like to do christmasy
things
mostly at the moment this is writing
christmas cards and whilst i'm writing
my cards i will just play classical
christmas music
i like to write really long cards if
you've been watching my videos for a
long time you'll know that
i usually write um i usually i usually
write a good
mini essay in every single card because
i do enjoy writing those kinds of
[Music]
messages
then i will go downstairs for dinner at
about 7 30 with my family
and today my mum had made this really
cool pasta dish
and straight after dinner my sister my
mom and i will go to the snug to watch
an episode
of this show called clarence which is
kind of embarrassing to even say that
i'm watching this
but my sister that like 10 minutes each
and my sister-mom and i found them
really really hilarious
so we usually watch an episode of that
and
the snug is so so cosy at the moment
because we've decorated the christmas
tree and
we light a fire then after that i will
go upstairs and take out my contact
lenses
[Music]
and i will have a shower i get lots of
questions about this so if you're
wondering this is the shampoo i use i've
used it
since i was born this is the champion my
family uses full stop
it's entirely natural vegan cruelty free
i will fold away my clothes or put
anything in the laundry that needs to go
in the laundry
and then i will do some skincare so i
put on this glossier cleanser
i will put on some face cream to you and
whilst i am doing this i
am listening to upbeat christmas music
because it's very very important
to stay in the christmas spirit in
december
[Music]
i also put on some glossier lip balm
and then after that tonight i will write
some more christmas cards
[Music]
then i will go downstairs and get myself
some tea of course
because there is no such thing as too
much tea i'm having the night sky calm
one from dragonfly tea today which is
delicious it's so great it's got like a
fennel undertone to it which is
beautiful
i will head into the snug because i
usually will watch some kind of
television with my
family if it's a thursday friday
saturday or sunday
so at the moment my mom and i are
watching a quiet passion which is
the film about the life of emily
dickinson and
we've been watching like 30 minutes
every night and it's really really good
[Music]
after watching that i will go upstairs
and brush my teeth and whilst i'm
brushing my teeth
i will just listen to an audio book
i always like to do something whilst i'm
brushing my teeth because it encourages
me to brush my teeth for longer
[Music]
i will head back into my bedroom
take off my dressing gown
close my curtains
[Music]
so then i will always fill up a hot
water bottle in the evening because i
get
freezing my bedroom it's very very cold
in winter and
yeah i i think a hot water bottle is an
absolute essential if you live in
england
[Music]
then i will get into bed
and get all cozy get the bed all lined
up so
it's nice and warm and cozy
i would take up my ipad and spend about
10 minutes doing a crossword i don't
always
finish the crossword in 10 minutes
because i'm not fantastic at crosswords
i just really enjoy them
um but i like to do one of the main
new york times crosswords in the evening
because i find them quite fun
and in the evening if i'm going to watch
youtube i will usually watch slow living
videos because
i find them really calming things like
girl and calico fairyland cottage
today i was watching the cottage fairy
then i will set my alarm i will set one
for 6 45 7 o'clock and 7
30 just in case i ever sleep and i will
read
at the moment i'm reading the subtle
knife by philip pullman
[Music]
i've also been rereading a little
princess which i read every single year
it's my favorite book of all time
it's like the best way to finish the day
how long i read really just depends on
how
tired i am but i will read from between
like 20 minutes to an hour and a half
[Music]
and then i will go to sleep thank you so
much for watching this video and
i hope that you have a productive week
[Music]
you